NOTE: Bunnyworld Requires a Power Mac running OS 8.1 or later.NEW USERS:Welcome to Bunny World!  If properly maintained, this program will give you years of enjoyment.  Please remember to fill out the warranty card to enjoy the full benefits of registration, including: product updates for merely the full retail price, entrance into contests that you have no chance of winning, and junk mail sent directly to your door!  Before you begin, please take a moment to get acquainted with the materials that will add to your enjoyment of this unique program.  What you are looking at is a "monitor."  You launched this "program" by using the "cursor" (operated by the "mouse") to click on the "icon."  You will notice that there are many other icons on your "desktop" (the one in the monitor) that "launch" other programs.  However, the creators of Bunny World do not recommend doing so, as Bunny World provides a unique experience that will make all other programs seem pathetic by comparison (This is especially true if you are using anything made by "Microsoft," a moderately sized "applications" company).COMMANDS:A quick overview of the menu commands that are available:File:	New World: Creates a new Bunny World with one page, labeled "start."	New Page: Creates a new page and moves to that page.	Close: Closes the current world.	Save: Saves the world.	Save As: Saves the world under a new name.	How to Play: You’re using this now.	Quit: Quits the program.Edit:	Clear: Deletes the selected shape from the current page.	Cut/Copy/Paste: Used for pasting resources into the program.Bunny: 	Hide/Show Tool Palette: Toggles the visibility for the tool palette.	Hide/Show Inspector: Toggles the visibility for the inspector window.	Hide/Show Catalog: Toggles the visibility for the catalog.	Play/Edit World: Switches between play and edit mode.	Next Page: Jumps to the next page.	Previous Page: Jumps back a page.	EDITING WORLDS:Basic:To edit a world, first create a new world from the File menu.  You are given an initial start page which you can modify.  To create a shape, click on the box icon in the tool palette.  You can now click on the page and drag to create new shapes.  To add a picture or a sound, merely drag and drop it from the source into the catalog. You can alternately copy and paste the picture or sound into the catalog. You can edit the properties of the shape with the shape inspector. To associate a picture, select the shape with the arrow tool, then pull down the picts menu in the shape inspector palette and select the desired picture.  While you’re in the shape inspector, you can choose to make the shape invisible by de-clicking visible, or immobile by de-clicking moveable.  While you can still see and move the shapes in Edit mode, the shape will reflect the changes in Play mode.  You can also rename shapes and edit scripts in the inspector.  To delete the selected shape, you can either choose Clear from the Edit menu or press delete.To create a new page, choose File->New Page or hit command-P.  A new page is created and it immediately becomes active so you can start editing it immediately.  To move between pages, either choose Next Page or Previous Page in the Bunny menu, or double click on the desired page in the catalog.Advanced:	The catalog is a very powerful tool that will aid you in your creation of worlds.  To preview and rename a picture or sound, double click on it in the catalog.  This will bring up an inspector box that will allow you to preview the resource.  To change the name of a page, click on the page and press Return.	To add action to your newly created objects, you can write scripts that will be executed upon certain actions.  The actions available are:goto  <page-name>	Move to the page with the name specified by <page name>.  This can be both a name given to it (such as "Bob") or it’s number: either "Page 2" or merely "2." Pages with multi-word names must be in quotation marks, such as "Bunny World." It is not case-sensitive.play  <sound-name>Plays the sound specified by <sound-name>hide <shape-name>Hides the shape specified by <shape-name>.  This shape can either be in the current page or on a different page.show <shape-name>Reveals the shape specified by <shape-name>.  Again, this can refer to shape on a different page as well as the current page.beepPlays the system beep.The actions are caused by triggers.  This is the event that causes an action to be executed, and must be ended with a semicolon.  Available triggers are:on click  <actions>Executes actions when clicked upon.  The shape must be both visible and in the action window to execute.  There can be only one on click trigger. on drop <shape-name> <actions>Executes the actions when the shape specified by <shape-name> is dragged over and dropped on the current shape.  You can have multiple drop clauses that respond to different objects.  If this shape has a drop defined for a particular shape, it will highlight when that shape is dragged over it.  The actions will not execute until the mouse in released, however.on enter <actions>Executes the actions when the user goes to the page.  You can have multiple "on enter" triggers, and each will execute once when the page is visited.The script is fault tolerant and will ignore incorrect commands. The script will also ignore excess white space or returns. End every command with a semi-colon. You may have multiple actions between the trigger and the semi-colon, or you can define multiple commands with the same trigger. Example code for a shape on a page:	on enter play chirp hide bunny;	on drop carrot play munching show door;	on click beep goto "Bob Land";	on drop celery goto page 3;PLAYING	To move to play mode, choose "Play Mode" from the Bunny menu.  The editing palettes disappear and you move to the original page (page 1, originally labeled as "start").  You can now move around in the world you created.  Be careful, though: if you didn’t link between the pages using <goto> it’ll be a very short game!ABOUT THE CREATORS:Meus Lepus Liquifacitor: AJ Goldman, Eric Silverberg, Suzanne Alderich.Props to: 	Apple, for creating an inherently unstable platform and O/S.  If nothing else, the constant reboots have 		taught us humility	Metrowerks, for a phat development environment and the clear, lucid error messages such as "Bad Token Length."  More respect to MW for operating on the Heisenberg uncertainty principle: the act of looking at local variables changes them.  I get better development environments with my breakfast cereal.Build notes:	Developed on a Power Computing PowerCenter Pro 180, Apple PowerMac 300, and G3 266.		Written on Metrowerks CodeWarrior IDE 3.3.	Music fed by Harmon/Kardon AVR 20 mk2, Sony CDP-XE500 single-disc CD player, Musical Fidelity 		X-ACT DAC and X10-D triode line stage, B&W DM402 speakers, Monster Cable interconnects.Statistics:	Number of reboots:  infinite.	Number of force quits: uncountably infinite.	Highest number of simultaneous errors fixed by adding one semicolon: 584, by AJ.	Number of emails to Answerama or Nick: 5.	Times homicide was considered a viable alternative: 3.	Ramen consumed (lbs): 2.	MP3’s played during development (hours): 29.	Meals skipped: 4.	Classes skipped: 5.	Most popular CDs: 	Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers: Greatest Hits, 6				Nirvana, Unplugged, 4				The Doors, The Best of the Doors, 3				Oasis, What’s the Story, Morning Glory?, 3				REM, Out of Time, 2				Dave Matthews Band, Crash, 2	Average sleep in March (hours/night):	7, Eric						5, AJ	Number of times Acrobat forced a restart when looking at the PowerPlant reference: 6, on three different platforms.	"Simpsons" references made: 46, if you include all the times we said "Young lady, in this house we abide by the laws of THERMODYNAMICS!!"	Love ratio between us and other groups (Times taunter : times tauntee): 5 : 2.	Zwrites: > 100.	ICQ’s: > 50.	F2F meetings: 3.	Friday nights spent working: 	3, Eric.					2, AJ.					2, Suzanne	"X-files" watched when we should have been working: 2.	Times we said "Compile dammit!": 15.	Martinis mixed: 1.	Martinis drank: 0.	Longest continuous work session (hours): 11, Eric developing the catalog.	File with most number of revisions: Shapes.cp, > 30 by AJ	Prettiest code: DM.cp, Suzanne.	Hatred of coding (percent increase): 47%.	Hatred/envy of fuzzies (percent increase): > 200%.	Social Life (percent decrease): 74%.	Visits to SlashDot when we should have been working: 35.